3804 docs rfc create a doc showing how to integrate debezium with timescale cloud (#4024)
timescale/docs: integrations/debezium.md

   named according to the following pattern: `<topic.prefix>.<hypertable-schema-name>.<hypertable-name>`
- [Continuous aggregates][caggs]: captured events are rerouted from their chunk-specific topics to a single logical topic
  named according to the following pattern: `<topic.prefix>.<aggregate-schema-name>.<aggregate-name>`
- [Hypercore][hypercore]: If you enable hypercore, the Debezium $TIMESCALE_DB connector does not apply any special 
  processing to data in the columnstore. Compressed chunks are forwarded unchanged to the next downstream job in the 
  pipeline for further processing as needed. Typically, messages with compressed chunks are dropped, and are not 
  processed by subsequent jobs in the pipeline.

   This limitation only affects changes to chunks in the columnstore. Changes to data in the rowstore work correctly. 

This page explains how to capture changes in your database and stream them using Debezium on Apache Kafka.

## Prerequisites

<IntegrationPrereqs />

- [Java8 or higher][java-installers] to run Apache Kafka.

## Configure your database to work with Debezium

<Tabs label="Integrate with Debezium">

<Tab title="Self-hosted TimescaleDB">

> To setup $SELF_LONG to communicate with Debezium:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up $SELF_LONG to communicate with Debezium:
```
